as a boy he was a dancer
a ganja school close to Livorno
pin mediologist if it is true that history
of Italian television is studded
of gaffes is just as true as not
everything comes to harm
the late dean of
small mike bongiorno screen that to
very famous ahi ahi signora longari lei
I fell on the bird he built a
corollary of amusing double meanings
what is the difference between almas and la
female of the bird there is one
difference
luciano in the case of colleague silvia
nicoli that in the course of the newscast of
more tv valleys launching a service
concerning the vote in the Lombardy region yes
is left to escape the peas instead of
to the pirellone unleashing the brawl
media on all media
national information sunny Bergamo
in the running for a Doomsday for the
pirellone and we present you in
especially those nothing built in
coffee table but dictated by the spontaneity of
those who do television naturally
a naturalness slipped with the word
right at the right time taken at
pretext to temper the climate of
great uncertainty that is going through
our country
and who could do it better than a good one e
beautiful journalist but the divine
providence is always too generous and
between courier republic tgcom free e
many others are snubbing twice
sense stumbling over your name of the
journalist and the name of the issuer one
gaffe involuntarily but destined to do
history above all thanks to social media
network and youtube
obviously the protagonist is the journalist
silvia nicoli of three valleys tv
a local Lombard station is contant
blunder and we refer to ours
silvia could escape those of bau
bau pussycat
impossible therefore appointment at 20
and 30 on Thursday 21 February in a strip
the news is the satirical news of channel 5
good silvia and Sunday I should
comment on the vote using the word
elections
a council articulates knowledge well and the
peace and love
for the pirellone